Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/tools/update_ruleset.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: The update-ruleset script updates decoders, rules and rootchecks. Find out the arguments of this script here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The update-ruleset script updates decoders, rules, and rootchecks. Find out the arguments of this script in this section of the Wazuh documentation. 
```
